[16.0][FIX] stock_account_move_reset_to_draft: Update the README (#1841)
OCA/account-invoicing: stock_account_move_reset_to_draft/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module allows a vendor bill to be reverted to draft status 
> when an SVL (Stock Valuation Layer) is created due to a price difference between the receipt and the vendor bill. 
> (In the standard Odoo stock_account module, this is not allowed.)
> Additionally, when necessary, a new SVL record is generated to adjust the valuation difference accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows a vendor bill to be reverted to draft status even
when an SVL (Stock Valuation Layer) record is created due to a price difference between the receipt and the vendor bill,
when inventory from the receipt has yet to be consumed.
When a vendor bill is reset to draft, as applicable, a new SVL record is generated to offset the valuation difference that was generated upon the bill's confirmation.
```
